Song
Blood Oath
Lyric
Yeah-yeah, woah-oh
We took a blood oath, baby, underneath the moon
Promise me forever, don’t you leave too soon.. Don’t leave..
I got that vampire love, it’s flowing through my veins
A thousand years of pleasure, mixing with the pain.. Oh-yeah..
You’re the only mortal thing that makes me feel alive
I’m ready for the night, yeah, I’m ready to survive
(Let’s go) So let the shadows dance, let the darkness rise
I see eternity reflected in your eyes.. In your eyes..
The sun goes down, and I’m waking up again.. Wake up..
I feel the hunger rising, like a heavy rain
I’ve been walking through this world, so cold and alone
Until I saw your face, and made your heart my home.. My home..
They say that time is money, but I got too much time
I’d spend a dozen centuries just to make you mine.. Yeah..
I’m standing in the mist, waiting by your door
Baby, give me everything, then give me a little more.. More..
Can you feel the cold air?.. Feel it..
But my body’s burning hot, it’s not fair.. Oh-no..
Closer than a shadow, breathing down your neck
I’m playing with my heart, putting passions on the deck
Don’t be afraid of the dark, take my hand
We’re flying over oceans, over ancient sand.. Yeah-yeah..
Just trust the rhythm, let it take control
I’m putting bite marks on your body and your soul
We took a blood oath, baby, underneath the moon.. Underneath the moon..
Promise me forever, don’t you leave too soon
I got that vampire love, it’s flowing through my veins
A thousand years of pleasure, mixing with the pain.. Ooh-woah..
You’re the only mortal thing that makes me feel alive
I’m ready for the night, yeah, I’m ready to survive
(Turn it up) So let the shadows dance, let the darkness rise
I see eternity reflected in your eyes
I’ve seen the empires fall, I’ve seen the kingdoms break.. Yeah..
But nothing hurts as bad as seeing your heart ache
I’ll wrap you in my cape, shield you from the light
We can rule the city, we can rule the night.. All night..
I’m strictly nocturnal, baby, that’s the way I live
I got a dangerous love that I’m dying just to give.. To give..
No mirrors in the hall, ’cause I only look at you
Every single legend that you heard is coming true
Ooh-ooh-ooh
Your pulse is like a drum, beating on the beat.. Boom, boom..
The taste of your devotion is so bitter and so sweet
I’m Sayed, the Dark Prince, ruling from the shade
My love is like a scar, girl, it’s never gonna fade.. Never fade..
I’m Sayed, in your dreams, keeping you safe and sound
When the world is sleeping, we are tearing up the ground
So whisper in my ear, tell me what you need
I’ll fulfill your desires, yeah, I’ll follow where you lead.. Lead the way..
Can you feel the cold air?.. Feel it..
But my body’s burning hot, it’s not fair.. Oh-yeah..
Closer than a shadow, breathing down your neck
I’m playing with my heart, putting passions on the deck
Don’t be afraid of the dark, take my hand
We’re flying over oceans, over ancient sand
Just trust the rhythm, let it take control
I’m putting bite marks on your body and your soul
We took a blood oath, baby, underneath the moon.. Ooh-yeah..
Promise me forever, don’t you leave too soon
I got that vampire love, it’s flowing through my veins
A thousand years of pleasure, mixing with the pain.. Hey-hey..
You’re the only mortal thing that makes me feel alive
I’m ready for the night, yeah, I’m ready to survive
(One more time) So let the shadows dance, let the darkness rise
I see eternity reflected in your eyes
Dracula vibes, but I’m looking fly tonight.. Looking fly..
We sipping on this feeling, yeah, we doing it right
Immortality is lonely if I don’t have my queen
You’re the finest work of art that I have ever seen.. Ever seen..
Let the candles burn out, we don’t need the spark
My love is guiding you, glowing in the dark.. In the dark..
From the dungeon to the club, yeah, we own the floor
Locked inside my castle, baby, lock the door
Yeah, lock it up
Slow it down
If the sun comes up, promise you’ll stay close.. Stay close..
You’re the medicine I need, yeah, you’re the dose
I was empty inside, just a ghost in the shell
But you brought me heaven when I was living in hell
Ooh-aah
Forever and a day, that’s the promise that we keep
I’ll watch over you, baby, even while you sleep.. While you sleep..
We took a blood oath, baby, underneath the moon.. Oh-no..
Promise me forever, don’t you leave too soon
I got that vampire love, it’s flowing through my veins.. Through my veins..
A thousand years of pleasure, mixing with the pain
You’re the only mortal thing that makes me feel alive
I’m ready for the night, yeah, I’m ready to survive.. Let’s go..
So let the shadows dance, let the darkness rise
I see eternity reflected in your eyes
Blood oath, yeah, we signed it in red.. Signed it in red..
Echoes of your love ringing inside my head
Sayed, yeah
Eternal life, eternal night, just me and you
Baby, everything I said is absolutely true
Ooh-ooh, Aah-aah